README.md, before:

![pi-logo](./assets/pi-logo-with-name.png)

# Project Include Site 2019/2020 

Created by: [Shabaz Badshah](https://github.com/ShabazBadshah/)

## Site Goals

This is the official Project Include (PI) site for 2019/2020 (redesigned in [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/)) which focuses on the following four objectives:

1. To provide boost credibility, increase stakeholder/partner interest, and increase brand presence
2. To provide a modern UX/UI experience to visitors
3. Introduce Jekyll CMS support for updating posts and site info for non-technical individuals
4. Additional performance improvements to run on lower end hardware

This site is an enhancement of the existing [PI site](https://projectinclude.netlify.com/)

## System Preparation

To use this starter project, you'll need the following things installed on your machine.

1. [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) - `$ gem install jekyll`
2. [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org) - use the installer.
3. [GulpJS](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp) - `$ npm install -g gulp` (mac users may need sudo)

## Local Install

1. Open a shell and clone repo via ```git clone https://github.com/ShabazBadshah/project-include-site.git```
2. Change directories to where the repo has been cloned via ```cd /path/to/repo```. This will be your current working directory (CWD).
3. Run ```npm install``` in the CWD. This will install all project dependencies
4. Run ```gulp``` in the CWD. This will run the browser-sync server

## Attributions

- The initial Jekyll site scaffolding and boilerplate was forked from ShakyShane's [jekyll-gulp-sass-browser-sync](https://github.com/shakyShane/jekyll-gulp-sass-browser-sync)

Commit message:

refactor: added starter NextJS code
Added NextJS starter code from https://github.com/jpedroschmitz/typescript-nextjs-starter

README.md, after:

![pi-logo](./pi-logo-with-name.png)

# Project Include Site 2021

Created by: [Shabaz Badshah](https://github.com/ShabazBadshah/)
Maintained by: [Shabaz Badshah](https://github.com/ShabazBadshah/)

## Site Goals

This is the official Project Include (PI) site for 2021 (redesigned with [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/) which focuses on the following four objectives:

1. To provide boost credibility, increase stakeholder/partner interest, and increase brand presence
2. To provide a modern UX/UI experience to visitors
3. Introduce a component-based frontend to allow for easier maintability and scalability by migrating to React
4. Additional performance improvements to run on lower end hardware

This site is an enhancement of the existing [PI site](https://projectinclude.ca). See [jekyll-site-v2 source code](https://github.com/Project-Include/Project-Include.github.io/tree/jekyll-site-v2) for the previous iteration of the site

## System Preparation

To use this starter project, you'll need the following things installed on your machine.

1. [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org) - use the installer.
2. [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) - `$ npm install -g yarn`

## Local Install

1. Open a shell and clone repo via ```git clone https://github.com/ShabazBadshah/project-include-site.git```
2. Change directories to where the repo has been cloned via ```cd /path/to/repo```. This will be your current working directory (CWD).
3. Run ```yarn install``` in the CWD. This will install all project dependencies
4. Run ```yarn start``` in the CWD. This will start the NextJS app

## Attributions

Project structure based on work from [João Pedro Schmitz](https://github.com/jpedroschmitz/typescript-nextjs-starter)
